search: add stable parameter (#9681)
sourcegraph/sourcegraph: CHANGELOG.md

  - Support for configuring Lightstep as a distributed tracer is deprecated and will be removed in a subsequent release. Instances that use Lightstep with Sourcegraph are encouraged to migrate to Jaeger (directions for running Jaeger alongside Sourcegraph are included in the installation instructions).

- [`sourcegraph/git-extras`](https://sourcegraph.com/extensions/sourcegraph/git-extras) is now enabled by default on new instances [#3501](https://github.com/sourcegraph/sourcegraph/issues/3501)

> - search: Adding `stable:true` to a query ensures a deterministic search result order. This is an experimental parameter. It applies only to file contents, and handles requests for up to 5000 results.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- search: Adding `stable:true` to a query ensures a deterministic search result order. This is an experimental parameter. It applies only to file contents, and is limited to at max 5,000 results (consider using [the paginated search API](https://docs.sourcegraph.com/api/graphql/search#sourcegraph-3-9-experimental-paginated-search) if you need more than that.).
```
